Make invite larger so it is clear. 

Bring "We hope to see you there" up a line so all text is in one paragraph. 

Friday 18th: 
Ceremony- 
NEW time 3pm
Please arrive by 2.30pm
Remove Muckloon, Rosmore from address

Drinks, Dinner and Dancing to follow"
Remove Muckloon, Rosmore from address


Saturday 19th: 
Recovery Swim: 1pm

Remove "Pub & Grub" and replace with DAY TWO @ CASEYS
Update time: 5pm
Edit text: Please join us to continue the celebrations with food, drinks and live music. 

Caseys Bar, 
Clonakilty, Co. Cork


Where to stay: 

There is a limited number of rooms in Dunmore House Hotel which are filled. We have organised a 16-seater bus from 11pm until 3am to bring guests back to Clonakilty. If you are staying outside Clonakilty, please let us know and we will do our best to accomodate transport.

Clonakilty Park Hotel
We have reserved a limited number of rooms in Clonakilty Park for our guests. Please contact the hotel and quote the Power & Liston wedding when making a reservation. 
Standard B&B rates apply. There are a limited number of 2-bedroom apartments available which are not detailed on their website.
Phone: 023 883 6400
Website: https://www.clonakiltyparkhotel.ie/ 

Emmet Hotel
Phone: 023 883 3394
Website: https://www.emmethotel.com/

An Súgán Guesthouse
Phone:023 883 3719
Website: https://www.ansugan.com/

There are plenty of other options available on Booking.com or Airbnb for all requirements. 

RSVP: 
Peter to update
Please RSVP by the 18th of July.
Phone: Required field
Dietary Requirements & Allergens needs to be broken out per guest
"Saturday Pub & Grub"- edit to Saturday Day Two @ Caseys

FAQs: 
When is the RSVP deadline? 
Please RSVP by the 18th of July. 

Are children welcome? 
Unfortunately, we will not be having children celebrate with us over the weekend. We hope you can understand. 

What is the dress code? 
Black Tie is requested. 
As the ceremony is going to be on grass, it is recommended that a chunky heel is worn for comfort.  

Will there be parking? 
There is plenty of parking in Dunmore House Hotel. 

Is there a bus to bring us to our hotel at the end of the night? 
We have organised a bus to bring our guests back to Clonakilty between 11pm & 3am. Please let us know if you are staying anywhere not listed on the hotel list and we will do our best to accomodate. 


To double check the formatting works for mobiles also. 

THANK YOU. 